Okay.
So congratulations on reaching the end of another core section.
And as always, let's take the time to review our original user story, which is now complete, and
also reveal the new concepts that we learned in this section.
So here was the user story.
As a user, I'd like to be able to clear all my job filters so I can start a fresh search from scratch
with the minimal effort.
So we implemented, of course, the functionality of the Clear Filters button, and that itself prompted
this really big refactor throughout the entire app.
So what did we learn?
Most of the section was review and kind of similar concepts to what we've talked about before, but
we know of course, breaking up larger components into smaller components can improve both readability
and testability.
So in our job filter sidebar component, in our previous implementation, we were using that large setup
method to use all of those different composable.
And we realized that we could break it up into much smaller components.
Each one, for example, relying on one or two composable, which in turn required the corresponding
tests to not have to mock out as much.
The tests became simpler, the components became smaller, the set of methods became lighter, and Vue
kind of functioned as it should.
As, you know, a combination of components working together, each one with a single responsibility,
each one handling one small slice of UI on the screen.
All right.
We also learned about the subscribe method, which we can call directly on the View Store.
And that method allows a component to react to a specific mutation being committed to the View Store.
So in this section, of course, we use that to modify the selected values, local data or local state
within our checkbox group component.
Because we wanted those checkboxes to clear themselves as soon as the user clicked the clear filters
button.
And we saw, of course, that it was pretty easy to wire up the logic, to view packs, to clear those
arrays that view stored.
But we also needed a way for our component to the checkbox group to listen to that mutation, to understand
that it had occurred, and to take its own internal steps in order to clear its own local, state or
local data that we had stored using the view wrap function so that reactive object and its value property
needed to be updated.
And so we put that logic inside the function that we passed the subscribe method and we also wrapped
it in an if statement to make sure that we didn't run that logic on every mutation, but specifically
the one that we cared about that instructed the View Store to clear all of the user's checkbox selections.
All right.
And that's all there is to cover in this section.
Hope you've enjoyed this one and I will see you in the next lesson.